chore: release v0.25 (#1566)
paritytech/jsonrpsee: CHANGELOG.md

pub trait RpcServiceT {
	/// Response type for `RpcServiceT::call`.
	type MethodResponse;
	/// Response type for `RpcServiceT::notification`.
	type NotificationResponse;
	/// Response type for `RpcServiceT::batch`.
	type BatchResponse;

	/// Processes a single JSON-RPC call, which may be a subscription or regular call.
	fn call<'a>(&self, request: Request<'a>) -> impl Future<Output = Self::MethodResponse> + Send + 'a;

	/// Processes multiple JSON-RPC calls at once, similar to `RpcServiceT::call`.
	///
	/// This method wraps `RpcServiceT::call` and `RpcServiceT::notification`,
	/// but the root RPC service does not inherently recognize custom implementations
	/// of these methods.
	///
	/// As a result, if you have custom logic for individual calls or notifications,
	/// you must duplicate that implementation in this method or no middleware will be applied
	/// for calls inside the batch.
	fn batch<'a>(&self, requests: Batch<'a>) -> impl Future<Output = Self::BatchResponse> + Send + 'a;

	/// Similar to `RpcServiceT::call` but processes a JSON-RPC notification.
	fn notification<'a>(&self, n: Notification<'a>) -> impl Future<Output = Self::NotificationResponse> + Send + 'a;
}
```

> The reason for this change is to make it work for the client-side as well as make it easier to
> with return `impl Future` instead require an associated type for the `Future` which in many cases
> requires BoxFuture or ResponseFuture which improves ergonomics.

Reviewer: Nit:

```suggestion
The reason for this change is to make it work for the client-side as well as make it easier to
implement performantly by relying on `impl Future` instead of requiring an associated type for the `Future` (which in many cases requires boxing).
```

Maybe?

- feat: impl Into<ErrorObject> for Infallible ([#1542](https://github.com/paritytech/jsonrpsee/pull/1542))
- client: add `request timeout` getter ([#1533](https://github.com/paritytech/jsonrpsee/pull/1533))
- server: add example how to close a connection from a rpc handler (method call or subscription) ([#1488](https://github.com/paritytech/jsonrpsee/pull/1488))
- server: add missing `ServerConfigBuilder::build` ([#1484](https://github.com/paritytech/jsonrpsee/pull/1484))

### [Fixed]
- chore(macros): fix typo in proc-macro example ([#1482](https://github.com/paritytech/jsonrpsee/pull/1482))
- chore(macros): fix typo in internal type name ([#1507](https://github.com/paritytech/jsonrpsee/pull/1507))
- http middleware: preserve the URI query in ProxyGetRequest::call ([#1512](https://github.com/paritytech/jsonrpsee/pull/1512))
- http middlware: send original error in ProxyGetRequest ([#1516](https://github.com/paritytech/jsonrpsee/pull/1516))
- docs: update comment for TOO_BIG_BATCH_RESPONSE_CODE error ([#1531](https://github.com/paritytech/jsonrpsee/pull/1531))
- fix `http request body` log ([#1540](https://github.com/paritytech/jsonrpsee/pull/1540))

### [Changed]

> - unify usage of JSON via Box<RawValue> ([#1545](https://github.com/paritytech/jsonrpsee/pull/1545))

Author: ```suggestion
- unify usage of JSON via `Box<RawValue>` ([#1545](https://github.com/paritytech/jsonrpsee/pull/1545))
```
